Okay, let's read what Dala said,
my ex and her entire family, sentenced to
prison twice already and soon the third.
Uh, well. This refers to the fact that there were
two first instances because there was
a first instance of a trial that they
managed to annul, okay. The trial was repeated,
okay, I mean, the trial of something has
been twice, the criminal trial, eh, you know. Ah. They're
dragging it out with the dog, but
well, Win Mocho makes me feel sorry for him. Well, Win
Michu also had a trial with
Dallas that the
sentence has to come out at any moment, notice
that many times fate is
capricious, eh, I mean, he's waiting for the
sentence on Win Michu and and the one about the
dog, the appeal of the dog and Win
Michu's, there's another thing too, eh, about Win Michu,
there's another little thing that has to be
mentioned that he told us, in addition
to having lost more than 10 cases against me
and having had to pay me in my
previous trial, in the civil trial, he paid money, I don't
remember, more than 10 cases against me, I mean,
how many cases have these people filed, man,
more than 10, more than 10 mother  My, the money
these people have in lawyers and
lawsuits, eh, and and and the one from GAT. Well, it's normal
that they celebrate it as a pleasure to win
some.